feat!: rename `tutorialkit` to `@tutorialkit/cli` (#153)
stackblitz/tutorialkit: CONTRIBUTING.md

5. Run `pnpm run test` to run core tests

The monorepo consists of multiple packages that are grouped into following groups:

### Core Packages

These packages will be installed by the end-users in their `package.json`.

- `@tutorialkit/astro`
- `@tutorialkit/components-react`
- `@tutorialkit/runtime`
- `@tutorialkit/theme`
- `@tutorialkit/types`

### CLI Packages

The CLI packages are expected to be run by users using `npm create tutorial` and `npx tutorialkit` commands.

> These should not be installed in their `package.json`.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
These should not be added to `package.json`.
```
